---
layout: post
title:  "Jubilee is Trash TV"
date:   2025-07-25 22:21:00 +0000
---
Typical references to Trash TV might make you think of such hits as the bachelor, but Jubilee dares to break the mold. Rather than making easy, okay trash, they pervert the already perverse "sport" of debate to make some the the most unapologetically terrible videos I've ever seen. You've seen people express skepticism about vaccines online, but have you ever seen twenty random people with "degrees" in homeopathy lecture a trained medical professional on how he doesn't understand medicine? I have, and it [lasted an hour and a half](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o69BiOqY1Ec). Dr. Mike did his job well, but sitting through that was one of the most frustrating things I've ever had the displeasure of experiencing. I came away with a whole lot less hope for humanity and the impression that I'd watched 20 bad people -- some much worse than others -- fail to debate a professional. Nevertheless, I'd put money on each of them thinking they won, and that's the heart of the issue. The debate doesn't work.

[Jubilee](https://www.youtube.com/@jubilee) is booming: many of their episodes premier to millions of views. As much as everyone else seems to love tuning in, I can't stand them. Despite my best efforts to avoid the channel, I heard immediately when the [last surrounded episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S-WJN3L5eo) was released. It came up on a call with one friend, and it was the first thing another had texted me in a month. What I saw of the episode was as depraved as every other. As with all hugely sensational programs, playing for the widest audience possible isn't great for Jubilee's "art." They pick terrible people because they're more interesting, so conversations dissolve to meaningless polemics immediately then fizzle out.

## Choosing the Worst People
In march, Jubilee had podcaster Sam Seder of [the Majority Report](https://www.youtube.com/@TheMajorityReport) on to debate 20 Trump supporters. Most of them were awful, but one stood out above the rest: a xenophobic self described christian nationalist. She believed that the government should submit to the church and that everyone should be forced to follow her uniquely bad brand of christianity. Even many on her side couldn't get behind her. Platforming this kind of terrible person once makes Jubilee look bad enough, but they weren't done. When Jubilee had journalist Mehdi Hasan on just this month to debate conservatives, she was back again. Jubilee brought her back not in spite of her views but because of them. Because she got clicks and buzz the first time, Jubilee didn't care how bad the second would be.

If bringing on terrible bigots was the only problem with Jubilee's casting, it wouldn't be nearly as bad. The issue they face is much more core to their concept: the very idea of bringing on twenty random people with little to no experience in debate is a bad one. Ignoring substance issues, interlocutors often struggle, perhaps intentionally, to stay on the subject of debate, devolving into strange, unrelated side arguments. I'd find an example, but I truly cannot bring myself to watch one second more.

## Preventing Debate
Though Jubilee presents its show "Surrounded" as an opportunity for honest argument, the format prevents anything of the sort. In a typical Jubilee debate, the most milk toast liberal sits down and rattles off an incredibly normal point, something like "Racism is bad, actually." Then every contestant runs for the chair, one gets it, and the rest leave. The one introduces themselves, with a line like "I'm a Nazi straight from 1945; I've been frozen in ice for 80 years, and I love racism." The host responds, the guest yells at them, then before the host can make a point, the guest is voted off or time runs out. There's no order to the guests and no organization of points. Time is wasted and flags raise until someone says something remotely interesting, then they are voted off too because half the audience disagrees and the other half wants a turn. No part of this is conducive to debate, so none occurs. Can you think of one time anyone on surrounded has said anything to the effect of "you know what? you're right," because I sure can't, and there's a reason for that.

## Jubilee's "Greater Than" Culture
Often, after a racist makes a terrible point or a bigot goes crazy, Jubilee cuts to their unbelievably smarmy ceo. In these shots, Jubilee sets itself apart from other trash in my mind. Here they claim that their content is not only necessary, it is bringing society back together from horrible polarization -- I suppose by normalizing the worst of the worst. While other trash at least knows its place, Jubilee has the gall to pretend importance, to insult its audience's intelligence and say "look. You see that mess we just created? That's actually you and society and whatever, and we're fixing it. Isn't that deep? Aren't we heroes? Do you love us yet?" Every second of these interjections leaves the unmistakable impression of a man with everything, happy to tell you you're not good enough to be him, that he's just so much nobler than you. Coming from the principal agent of the worst trash on youtube, that's pretty insulting

## Trash TV
When I call Jubilee trash TV, I don't just mean its poorly produced. I mean that it feels tailor made to kill brain cells faster than turning on the microwave with your head in the machine, even faster than playing football. Though Jubilee likes a veneer of class, they're the worst of the worst -- the sludge fermenting in the bottom of the trash bag. Still, that sludge does well for itself. Every piece of garbage they spit out drives rage clicks. The sad, tiring truth is that they know exactly what they're doing, and they are really, really good at it. I'd love to tell you not to watch their videos, or that I'm never going to click one of them again, but we know that neither of us will stop clicking, so why even pretend?

Jubilee is Trash TV because it's designed to be trash. That's all that sells, and it sells all too well.

## Fun Exceptions
That wasn't a very light-hearted, nor fun way to end the post. To take maximal advantage of the peak-end rule, there were a few videos that sucked less than average that I thought I should highlight. First was [Destiny's debate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SH0M83drPAw). He's crazy, though great at debate, and his interlocutors parallel his insanity, so it's fun to watch. Second was [Jordan Peterson's debate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pwk5MPE_6zE). It was the biggest train wreck I've ever seen, and as a life-long Jordan Peterson hater, I found that entertaining. That's it, those are the only OK ones I've seen. Bye!

## Videos on Jubilee
[Big Joel and Matt Bernstein](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JP7DbzxRK8) made a good video about Jubilee, as did [Sam Seder](www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrClwxIxDPk) and [Man Carrying Thing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DswHsf6TNzY). I watched each well before composing this post, so they necessarily colored my analysis.