You are Bill Tenner, 38. You are old now, and you can feel it. Your bones, your blood, your memories, your regrets all feel old. When you still wanted to follow your dad into the army, you were six years old and your parents still called you Billy. Billy was a kindergartener's name, so you told everyone to call you Bill, and that stuck for a while. In college, they called you Doug. It never made sense to you, but your friends all said it and you liked your friends, so you were Doug. When you left college, you joined the Air Force to pay your debts. They called you Cadet Tenner, then captain tenner. Your father liked that. It was respectable. Honorable, even. You asked them to call you Doug, but no one did. You flew a fighter jet, but if you give your father any credence, you never saw real combat. His stories always reminded you of MASH more than the Air Force. You left when you could and made some good money in a settlement on the way out. Your father didn’t like that, so you stopped talking to him. You spent the rest of your 20s moving around and working odd jobs. Everywhere you stopped was a new name. In one town, you went by Doug again, but nothing stuck. Five years ago, when you were 33, you used most of your savings to buy a solitary house on the coast with too many bedrooms and a sea plane. You didn’t like the way the house looked, but it felt rich. Two years ago, you bought a dog to fill another room, but he just sleeps with you. You named him Jake, after your dad. You think he likes flying with you, but that could be your imagination. Last year, your money ran out. You hike into town every week to look for work. You usually find enough to pay for food and some gas, but not always. You hardly ever get to fly your plane any more, and in a year, you’ll sell it for extra cash. You don’t have a nickname now; no one knows you well enough. You are Bill Tenner, 38.


In two years you sell your house and go back to school. This time, you work hard and score well, but no one calls you Doug. You catch Jake staring west, back to the empty house, but he comes with his tail wagging when you call. After school, you settle into a job. Your dad would be proud that you’d found a career. The hours are long and the work tedious, but it pays the bills, and you’re back on the coast. This time, the house has just one room. When Jake passes, you’re 47. It was his time, but you miss him. You can’t remember crying so much, not even when your father passed. You get a new dog a year later to fill the void, and you name it after your mom. You’re happy, you think.